hey check it out a sir sent me the H 340
network attached server and we're gonna
take a look at it today so stay tuned be
right back alright so here she is this
is the H 340 from Ace or a very very
nice 4 bay Windows Home Server based
network attached storage device looks
really really really nice great
performance actually tested it to
transferring hundred megabyte files and
it was getting about 10.5 megabytes per
second of throughput so that's very fast
and that's over Gigabit Ethernet so it's
a very quick network cache server it
also has included in it so you don't to
buy it a one terabyte hard drive now you
see here this is a one terabyte Western
Digital green drive it's a 5400 rpm
supposedly and it has features 8
megabytes of cache so you do already
come pre-loaded with one terabyte of
storage but as you can see you have
space for three more now they said 4
terabytes is the maximum but in reality
if you were to populate those Bay's with
2 terabyte drives you would have 8
terabytes of storage which I turn you
could make a you know a mirrored raid
array and actually have 4 terabytes
redundantly backed up and that would
give you some some really good assurance
that your media's your media stuff your
folders your files your movies your
pictures are not gonna go anywhere
they're gonna be there and that's very
important when you're dealing with
high-end media stuff like this you're
backing up your TV shows that your
recorder your movies your ripping
blu-rays and DVDs you're downloading
movies you have tons and tons of music
tons of photos you're a photographer and
you have tons of RAW images you need
that stuff to be backed up and you want
to be backed up redundantly in case of
drive failure this will do it for you
perfectly and very efficiently it also
has great software included in the box
that'll help you do all that including
software that lets you pretty much
backup all the computers on your home
network you can set it up hate once a
day image this Drive twice a week only
to take all the images movies files and
folders from this machine and copy them
over you also have a very cool OneTouch
USB download which is basically you can
plug in a USB right here and actually
have it backup pretty much take anything
off that USB instantly with a 1
and push put it in and it's gonna suck
everything off of it and put it into the
naso if someone comes over that say a
flash drive full of movies you don't
have to plug it in and drag and drop the
files you literally just plug it in push
a button and it goes that's that's a
very interesting feature now I'm gonna
talk a little bit out connectivity and
how everything works this does use UPnP
to connect to find you know for the
router to find the naso make sure that
your router does support that it would
be necessary if not there's no way to
manually input a static IP so you got to
make sure that you your router supports
that some of the older Linksys routers
don't do it most of the new ones will do
it no problem
and now it also features DLNA so you can
connect any other peripherals for meat
extenders and stuff like that if you
want to hook it up with other computers
embeddable devices you can also use
connect with your Xbox 360 or your ps3
or whatever other console you may use it
also has internet connectivity that's a
good feature also features iTunes server
so if you want to host an iTunes server
on here you'll put all your music on
here and access it from any computer on
your home network or of course you can
own as access all this stuff through the
web which is uh to me one of the best
parts I can listen to my music at home
you know through my house but from
anywhere in the world I can look at my
videos if I want to show somebody a
photo that I took I don't have to carry
it with me on my hard drive on my
netbook or on my laptop I can literally
just have the stuff that's important to
me then there I can stream that all off
the web and all I need is an internet
connection you can watch movies you have
fast interconnection movie you can even
stream an HD movie through there as long
as you have up fast enough upload speeds
to get it up to the web fast enough and
then download speeds fast enough to get
it on the other end so that's really
cool as far as that goes there's a
couple other things I want to show you
look at these lights right up here these
are obviously gonna be your status
indicator lights they will light up red
if you have an unformatted or unworking
drive a a disabled drive and they're
blue if you're good to go and everything
is formatted proper then you can record
to it or you know write data to it look
at the looking at the back over here got
an interesting array of stuff you're not
I remember inside this plate right here
right behind this plate there actually
is an atom computer it's an atom and 230
it's got 2 gigabytes of ddr2 memory it's
all in there it's got an actual computer
in there so on the back you have quite a
few things starting off from over here
this is your reset button in case
anything ever goes wrong you can reset
it by throwing a pin in there you have
an eSATA port which is great means you
can share an extra Drive over the
network by plugging
here so you've already filled up 8
terabytes you got another 2 terabytes
that you need you can plug it in here or
you can transfer files off of here you
also have 4 USB 2.0 ports again those
can be used all again for the same thing
you can do print server sharing you can
also take files and folders off here you
can add extra external storage pretty
much up to you what you want to do and
then finally this is your 10 100 1000
Ethernet line so you do have Gigabit
Ethernet and that will provide 1,000
megabit per second of throughput right
over here is your power and then here's
a little expansion slot I think what's
in that board is a PCI so maybe you
could add something in there but
honestly I probably would recommend it
maybe maybe like a TV tuner capture card
if you leave this next your TV to
capture video straight directly to it
but to be honest with Windows Home
Server I wouldn't mess with it just in
case now if you are a power user and
you're gonna replace the operations of
Linux and your go crazy and you know
mess around with this thing you can go
ahead feel free if not the way it comes
setup is very very good and works really
really good now the last thing I want to
show you guys is nothing because that's
absolutely it I got it all really really
cool product here it's the Avera sorry
it's the Acer Aspire H 349 we have
server up to 8 terabytes you do raid
arrays you can check your files folders
and images from anywhere in the world
using the web you can back up to it with
its automatic automatic you which is
really really intuitive I might add it
works very well it's gonna save you a
lot of trouble and it's gonna save you
some space on hard drives because it's
gonna be locally everyone gets to share
the 8 terabytes of space you can say hey
my netbooks got 8 terabytes as long as
back to the Internet of course or the
home network but really good stuff if
you have any questions on it or how to
configure it or set it up feel free to
email me and I'll see you guys next time
for more information on the acer aspire
ez store h 340 network-attached storage
device type in a180 - 3 4 0 0 into the
search engine of any of these major
retailers for computertv i'm albert